Add examples for `memory_limit` and `statement_timeout` to docs (#17032)
crate/crate: docs/config/cluster.rst

session setting <conf-session-memory-operation-limit>`. Changing the cluster
setting will only affect new sessions, not existing sessions.

> Exmample statement to update the default value to 1GB, i.e. 1073741824 bytes:
> 
> .. code-block:: sql
> 
>   SET GLOBAL PERSISTENT 'memory.operation_limit' = '1073741824';
> 
> Operations that hit this memory limit will trigger a CircuitBreakerExcpetion
> that can be handled in the application to inform the user about too much memory
> consumption for the particular query.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example statement to update the default value to 1 GB, i.e. 1073741824 bytes::

    cr> SET GLOBAL "memory.operation_limit" = 1073741824;

Operations that hit this memory limit will trigger a ``CircuitBreakingException``
that can be handled in the application to inform the user about too much memory
consumption for the particular query.

```

This aligns the layout of the example with another `SET GLOBAL` call further up on the same page.
